Well, good evening family.
Thank you for joining me again tonight.
I really appreciate it.
We have much prayer to do concerning our nation and what the Lord revealed to us.
Even yesterday, if it wasn't for what he showed me yesterday, I probably would have taken today off.
I was watching on Angel TV or whatever it was.
D was watching Christmas movies.
I love those, you know, whatever they are.
There's one on there that was really good—that little movie thing—but some of them are kind of cheesy.
I go, 'It's not that good.
Turn that off.
' But there's one that's really cute; I liked it.
But all glory to Jesus.
Let's go over some things that the Lord showed us real quick.
We'll make it quick for all of you.
I want to show you something that was sent to us in an email today that I think will really bless you.
A lady sent this.
She said, 'Brandon, I was thinking about what you said about the young lady from Australia that would write a new song.
' So I was looking for her to see if she existed.
And so I just Googled a music artist whose name is Lily, and I thought, 'Well, that was creative.
' We don't have time to study all this.
So if everybody recalls, what the Lord showed us was a lily coming up out of Australia that would have a song that would hit top charts eventually, that would sing something that was heavenly music, and that the Lord would use this young lady.
And I said she's blonde-headed with curlier hair and she plays an acoustic guitar is what I saw in the vision.
And I saw her playing, but as she was in Australia, I saw that Lily would bring a fragrance before the Father.
And I saw the pistils that have the yellow on the top, and it was black in the center and pink on the outsides, but it brought a fragrance before the Lord with great heavenly worship.
So this lady, I guess she had extra time today, and she said, 'Brandon, I found her.
I found her.
Is this her?
' And I said, 'Well, you know, let me see.
I'm always curious.
' So this lady right here, her name is Lily, and play...
'Hi, I'm Lily Wood.
I'm at the CCM Cafe.
Hi, I'm Lily Wood.
I'm at the CCM Cafe, and this song is 'The Servant King.
'' She's just getting started, and I thought, 'Keep going a little bit more.
' 'It'd be messy and gray, probably have dishes in the sink.
' Okay, isn't that neat?
I laughed about it.
I said it's so precise the way he talks to me, and I'm so thankful that he does.
You know, he's such a cool—it's amazing to me.
But the blonde, Lily, Lily is her name, and she plays an acoustic guitar and she's Australian, and the Lord said she would write music in the days ahead.
I don't know if she'll do it now, if she's already done it, or if she has these ideas, but heavenly music will come to her.
And I believe with what I have seen in the vision, this is the young woman.
I said she's blonde with long hair.
If everybody goes back to that, do they remember, Braden?
Do they remember?
I can't see the feedback.
I'm behind a camera.
So I'm always curious if you all remember Lily.
I said, 'Do you?
It comes back.
' Isn't that neat?
So whoever did the research on that, thank you.
It blessed me because I thought, 'Surely this is her, Father.
Surely this is her.
' She—even her cheeks, the way she—it's cheek appear...
I thought, 'Isn't that pretty cool?
' I said, 'And she has her own little tune.
' I liked it.
Play a couple of seconds again.
I thought it sounded kind of like a David's harp.
I thought it sounded cool.
'My thought was a house; it'd be messy, cold, and gray.
' Is that neat?
I thought, 'Surely.
' I don't like the words necessarily of the song, but I thought, 'Is that her?
' Kind of interesting.
I don't know.
Something to pray about.
Pray for her.
She has like 20 people that follow her.
But I thought, isn't that interesting?
Maybe not to you all, but to me it is.
All glory to Jesus.
So the next thing I want to talk about is what the Lord showed us concerning Emmanuel Macron and Zelensky.
And yesterday, the Lord showed me a lot of very hard things concerning tunnels underneath the Vatican.
And I'm just going to be bold about it.
I saw tunnels underneath the Vatican.
These tunnels were used for not good things.
And people go, 'Well, Brandon, you're—' No, no, no.
I'm just bold about what he said.
And I saw tunnels underneath Rome.
I saw darkness underneath Rome.
Now, if there's no tunnels underneath there, you can throw an egg at me.
But I saw tunnels underneath Rome.
And it was concerning Vatican City, that area.
There was something there.
Now you say, 'What were the tunnels for?
' I'm not going to get into all that.
There's a shaking coming to awaken many religions, many people in the days ahead.
And the Lord keeps warning us about this over and over again.
He keeps giving us 1 Corinthians 5:5.
But then he warned us about Emmanuel Macron again last night.
And he said, 'This man will become a tyrant in the days ahead.
' And I saw the satanic sacrifice—and not with him, but with people that were associated.
And I saw George again.
And people said, 'George Bush.
' No, not George Bush.
Come on.
George with money.
These people were associated with this to bring forth the Antichrist system, to bring instability in governments, paid protesters, rioters, things like that.
And the Lord warned us about this.
But as I was seeing, Zelensky was being strong-armed by President Trump.
He was being strong-armed, and he was looking over his shoulder to Emmanuel Macron, his buddy.
'What do I do?
What do I do?
' he was saying because they wanted to keep the status quo of war, war, war, to pump the economy of Europe.
Zelensky was part of this, and I saw him trying to step in like the big brother.
You see this?
Do you see these pictures?
This is exactly what I see coming.
But I saw whenever President Trump was cracking his whip...
Part of the major word that he gave us for 2025 was Donald Trump would stand in a position of cracking his whip as he became president this year.
And I saw him cracking his whip, cracking his whip, cracking his whip.
And he would make them pause, for he was calling for peace.
And the Bible says, 'Blessed are the peacemakers.
' And he was doing his best to create peace throughout the Middle East, peace throughout these areas.
And as he was doing this, they were all watching and being paused for a second because, you know, he's the 800-pound gorilla in the room.
But I saw them devising a plan.
I need you to hear me really carefully tonight.
I saw them devising a plan in the spirit, a secret dark plan that was funded by the people.
There were suits.
Okay?
And this is what I did not reveal last night, but I felt more peace about it today.
I saw a group of suits.
You say, 'What does that mean?
' Men with money.
A group of men with money were backing them.
So Emmanuel Macron is right here in the vision, separated by suits that were fogged.
I could not see their faces, but these men were funders.
They were businessmen and big business money in Europe that did not want peace, that did not want the United States to dictate this war.
Who was behind the suits was Lucifer and Satan.
He was behind them, and he was the one pushing the suits to get them to react, to make the politicians do what they wanted them to do through finances.
'You do what we tell you to do or we cut you off.
' And that's the way it is with the Democrats and the Republicans.
But the Lord showed me men with money control the world.
Men with money, not politicians, men with money.
And they were controlled by the devil.
People who have big money.
I'm not talking about a couple million dollars; I'm talking about billionaires, multi-billionaires.
I was seeing this all happen.
As that was happening, I saw—and this is what you all need to know—I saw Europe.
I saw Emmanuel Macron and I saw, coming out of the Eiffel Tower, a black swan with an orange beak and orange feet, looking like a duck.
It was pure black.
The Lord said, "Watch for events to keep them strong-arming Trump because he's a part of NATO.
" You see that bird?
That's what I saw coming out of the Eiffel Tower.
I saw it coming out of Europe.
I saw Trump not wanting to be a part, but swearing an allegiance that he would be a part because of these events to keep America entangled.
As America was trying to separate, there were events planned to pull America back in.
We should leave NATO, from what I saw.
It's just my opinion.
I saw the King of England turn into a scorpion with his stinger up.
He turned and faced with his pincers toward Zelensky and Macron, then turned his body around towards Australia and Canada.
He was pinching his fingers; the King of England was a scorpion with his tail ready to strike.
He came out of the palace where he lives and was looking around as a scorpion, and I could see his face in the scorpion's body.
As I watched him, he was focused on Emmanuel Macron.
I saw an escalation of things again to bring forth war.
The Lord showed me it has to do with bringing forth the Mahdi.
It has to do with creating instability for a global economic crisis to bring in a digital platform and a digital ID system.
That's why I saw old military jeeps again last night.
It's a metaphor; we don't use that stuff anymore.
We use armored vehicles and Hummers.
I saw an old World War II event trying to take place and wrap its coils around Europe.
I went to Israel and the Lord said, "Regrouping.
" They're regrouping Hamas, Syria, and others.
I saw this man—whether he is Prime Minister or King—he was two-faced.
The Lord said to me, "He's devising a plan, talking to the Islamic Brotherhood.
" He said they are able to lie.
The Lord said they are lying; they're two-faced.
Pray for Trump to have great discernment in the days ahead, for he is being lied to and played by this man, by MBS and others.
They are sworn to an alliance, but they believe they don't have to tell him the truth.
The Lord said it was tied to the Islamic faith.
I thought that was interesting because they called him an infidel.
I saw great alliances with the Islamic Brotherhood coming out in the days ahead.
They're regrouping, licking their wounds, but they have plotted a plan.
They're furious about how Gaza went—they feel they lost Palestine and those areas—and they were devising a plan for a brutal attack in the days ahead, worse than October 7th.
It will happen at night while they're sleeping.
That's what the Lord showed me in these visions.
Then he showed me drones being used for terrorist activity in the days ahead.
It wasn't all about America; it was about Europe.
I saw them buying drones from Amazon or whatever and attaching things to detonate into crowds during tree-lighting ceremonies and parades, like New Year's Eve.
They were trying to bring forth fear and terror without having to be present.
They were in a location further away so they could land these into areas where people were gathered and celebrating.
The Lord said, "Watch Las Vegas, Nevada.
" I saw a semi-truck trying to run down the Strip and use it to maul people down because it's hard to stop.
It's a big truck.
Then I saw, "Pray over Steven Furtick and his church.
" Pray for protection over megachurches.
It wasn't necessarily all about Steven Furtick; it was a representation of that type of church, a poster child for the seeker-friendly church in America.
The Lord said it's not only about Charismatics but all denominations.
Pray over the megachurch concerning major events that would try to bring instability and chaos.
Then I saw a humongous church, one of the largest in Africa.
The Lord said a major scandal is about to break loose in this church.
It was embarrassing, which is why he brought up 1 Corinthians 5:5.
He said, "I've warned and I've warned, but so many people have not taken heed.
" They must know the seriousness of the hour.
We're praying over Black Friday shopping, tree-lighting ceremonies like Rockefeller Center, drones, and lone-wolf attacks.
He highlighted Washington, D.
C.
I saw a major tree in Washington and the Lord said, "Pray over this area.
" There are two major trees in Washington, D.
C.
each year: the National Christmas Tree and the Capitol Christmas Tree.
We're going to pray over that tonight—not the tree, but the event and the people.
I'm talking about the people.
We want to pray over our president.
We must keep him protected.
He must finish the job that God has set him to do.
He must live long and finish strong.
God has an assignment, and you will see that assignment even more in 2026 and 2027.
We must pray over our elections concerning the midterm, that we would not have a stalemate government.
This is very serious stuff going on.
Very serious stuff.
November 24th.
After Thanksgiving, on Tuesday, December 2nd, and December 4th, we pray over these events on November 29th.
That would be Friday or Saturday.
Saturday night, we pray over Saturday.
These events are highlighted to me to pray over them.
We don't give the devil any foothold.
We don't give him any place.
We want to keep our thumb on somebody so they can't wiggle around.
As the body of Christ, we don't give him any place to maneuver or cause any kind of havoc in our nation and your nation, Europe, from what I saw.
This doesn't just have to do with America.
This is something very serious concerning the Christmas holidays and holiday shopping in your area, particularly Germany and France.
Major cities were highlighted to me, like Rome, Italy.
Then we have the weather events and all the other things I told you about.
New Year's Eve.
Again, he showed me New Year's Eve.
He warned us about major Arctic freezes in America.
There would be unusual cold fronts, Siberian air.
You said, 'Well, we have those, Brandon.
Of course, it's winter.
' No, there are going to be unusual weather patterns in the days ahead, an unusual winter.
That's just what I'm praying over right now.
They say we have a major cold front coming December 1st here in Oklahoma.
They're saying all this major cold air, but I see weather manipulation, weather modification, weather that is not normal weather.
That's what I have.
I find little things and I tinker with them.
I have a nail in my hand; I don't even know why the nail's there.
It's on my table, so I find it.
It's either that or my fingernail clippers, or cough drops.
I have all kinds of things that I tinker with when I'm talking.
I feel things, I push on them.
People go, 'What's he doing with the nail?
' I don't know.
But I went over that thing yesterday.
People were all interested in the puzzle.
Do you want to show them that before I pray?
Put in the comment section down below what you think they're trying to say about this picture.
Do you think it's nothing, or do you feel like there's something to this?
It's made by the Rockefellers, and I think there's something to it.
It's not normal.
I believe they communicate with that.
If you go back to the Economist main thing every year, they always put out their prediction, and they put one out for 2028.
That was the one with Xi Jinping and the panda bear.
This is not normal; this is them communicating.
The cover this year is interesting to me.
So you can put in the comment section down below what stands out to you.
Braden, put the other one up there with the 24.
Let them look at that for a second.
Vladimir Putin—I think the swords are interesting.
All right.
Well, maybe it's a big nothing burger.
I try to let you in my little world of things that I think are interesting.
I've been drinking a ton of water to keep flushing my body.
I believe that's where we are right now.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for another great day today.
We lift this body up before you.
We thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us, for anointing us for such a time as this.
We pray for our president, we pray for the peace of Jerusalem, we pray for our pastors, and we pray for the prophetic.
We pray for these black swan events.
We thank you, Father, that you've called us to the kingdom for such a time as this.
You chose every single one of us—all 4,200 people on here tonight.
You call us the closers.
You told me, 'Brandon, there will be a generation that doesn't taste death, and you are that generation.
' Thank you, Father.
That means you saved the best for last.
God, I thank you for all the people that are representing you.
We have the best of the best prayer warriors on this prayer channel.
Every single person brings their supply because when we pray together, there's power, for Many hands make light work.
Father, I thank you for every single person represented here tonight.
I call them healed and whole and well.
My wife and I, and my son, we all agree that they are healed and whole and well, and they lack no good thing.
We lift up this body before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquity.
The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, we are healed.
This represents so much more than just a little wafer in a cup of juice.
Jesus paid the price for us to walk in victory over sickness, disease, poverty, lack, and mental torment.
People are battling depression during this holiday season.
They feel alone or that they don't have relatives.
But Father, you said you'd never leave us and you'd never forsake us.
You're their family during this beautiful holiday season.
We lift up the people who are alone and we thank you, Father, that they are never alone because you're always with them.
I pray, Father, for peace.
You are the Prince of Peace.
And Father, right now, I ask you to flood their hearts, flood their minds, flood their beings, Father, with your holy, beautiful presence.
That sweet-smelling fragrance, the fragrance of the Holy Spirit, that peace that passes all understanding.
Goodness and mercy will follow them all the days of their life.
Father, if they've lost somebody tragically this year, like Erica—she lost Charlie and their kids are in this first Thanksgiving without having their father there, without having her husband there—and anybody else who lost somebody that's dear to them this year, I thank you, Father, that you fill that void.
Father, that you are that joy; we find that joy unspeakable and full of glory in these last days.
Father, I know that days of darkness and days of hardness come, but Father, you said, 'Occupy until I come and enjoy life.
' Brandon, you tell me all the time, 'Brandon, just enjoy life.
I want you to have fun and enjoy life.
Don't look at all the darkness around you.
Keep vertical and keep your eyes on me in this darkness.
' And dark times will come; dark times happen.
But Father, you are my vertical.
We keep our eyes on you and we don't go horizontal looking all around us.
We keep our eyes on you.
We stay the course knowing that you are that peace.
I pray for every single person right now that has that sense of just that void of depression and anxiety and feeling so lonely.
We thank you, Lord, that you are that God who brings comfort to the person who needs comfort.
I believe, Father, that this is the day that they're going to have a turnaround in their emotions, a turnaround in the sadness that they feel.
And Father, those who are full of joy right now and this is a breeze for them—they love the holidays; the holidays are awesome; they love this time of year—I thank you that you would double the joy on their lives and that, Father, it would flow out of them and spill over to the people who are not having that joyous time.
Father, you brought joy on every single one of us, that joy unspeakable and full of glory.
Father, we don't just harbor it in ourselves, but we dump it out on the other people and they see that light and they say, 'There's hope in your eyes.
There's joy in your eyes.
' And every single one of us would be that salt and we wouldn't lose our saltiness.
I thank you, Father, for this beautiful Thanksgiving season that's coming up.
There's peace in homes and there's no strife around the tables when we eat as families in the days ahead; that you're not bickering and fighting.
Father, there's peace, and there's not Democrat versus Republican and Catholic against the charismatic; we all get along and they say, 'Man, there's just joy.
I love being around you.
' I have to tell myself all the time because I was not a person who liked Christmas for years; in fact, I despised Christmas.
Not because of Jesus, but because of being around people.
And I had to say it to myself, 'I love Christmas.
I love being around folks.
' I say it all the time; I have to say it to myself all the time.
I'm just being real with y'all.
It's something that I've struggled with all the time.
I used to go around even whenever I was saying, 'I hate the Christmas season.
' And that may sound really bad, but I'm just telling you something I've had to overcome.
I say, 'I love the Christmas season.
I love this timeframe of the year.
I love the lights.
' I thank God for Christmas get-togethers at the church or whatever.
I used to hate that; I used to say it so much and I had what I said, and it's something that I've worked on because Diana loves Christmas.
Loves it.
And so do my kids.
But I just always go...
and they said, 'Daddy, why do you always say that?
' I say, 'I don't know.
I need to work on it.
' And so I've worked on it; it's something that I love now.
I go, 'Hey, I love this season.
' Paisley loves it; it's so wonderful.
I don't like the materialism of it.
I think that's where it all started with me as somebody growing up.
I hate the materialistic side of it, how everybody acts.
I don't like all of the spending and the debt and the pressure—'Well, you bought me this and I've got to buy you that because if you don't, it's offensive because your gift is not as nice as mine.
' I don't like that competitive crap and it's why I always was like, 'You know what?
I don't want to participate in it.
' So anyone say, 'What you want for Christmas?
' Nothing.
I don't want anything.
And that's the way I always was for a long time.
'I'll bless you.
' 'Don't bless me.
I don't care about it.
' And that's why there's a lot of people that are similar to being like that.
So I'm just trying to encourage you.
Christmas is beautiful.
It's about Jesus.
He deserves a day.
People say, 'Well, it's pagan.
You're doing this and that.
' No.
Jesus deserves a day.
Jesus deserves a year.
Jesus deserves everything.
But if you don't celebrate him at Christmas, celebrate him sometime.
He deserves it.
That's what I told my kids.
We make him a big Christmas cake and write 'Happy Birthday' on it.
We even allowed you all to be a part of that last year.
We celebrated and had a cake and did it all.
We show you what we do as a family.
We make it about Jesus being the reason for the season.
And all of this—all the materialism, all Black Friday, and all the hype—I keep Jesus the main thing.
I refuse to rob him of it and let Santa Claus take the glory.
Santa Claus isn't coming to my house.
I'm always saying Santa Claus doesn't exist in this house.
Jesus does.
He's the provider.
There isn't a man in a red suit.
Jesus provides for my kids.
I never let someone take the glory other than Jesus Christ; he gets all the glory in my house.
And we've raised our kids that way.
Jesus is the reason for this season, not some big guy in a red suit.
It's fun, okay, a fairy tale, whatever you want to say, but Jesus is the reason.
He is the reason for our season.
And we give him all the glory, honor, and praise.
And we give him a birthday cake; he may not eat it in the natural, but we celebrate with him like he's there.
And we have video showing you what we do.
It's all glory to Jesus.
We always give the glory to Jesus in this beautiful season.
And now we give you praise and thanksgiving.
You are so real to us, and when you get real with God, God will become real to you.
We make sure we always keep the main thing the main thing.
Jesus is important in our home.
Jesus is provider.
Jesus is our healer.
Jesus is our comforter.
You got that there, babe?
There it is.
Merry Christmas.
Brownies or cookies or something.
And so this year, Diana found it.
Happy?
Did you see it?
Yeah.
It's important.
It's so important.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father, for what you did for this household this year.
As we close out 2025, thank you that we are thriving and we come alive and all the things you can say to rhyme with it.
Everything that was is what you've done for us and we're so grateful.
We're so healed and whole and well—mentally, emotionally, physically, financially.
You have been good to Brandon and Diana, and my children.
We praise you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for 2025 as we have a day of thanksgiving coming.
We take this body right now in Jesus' name.
I know it was different, but it's just from the heart.
People make things so religious.
Get real with God; he will become real to you.
Stop treating him like he's untouchable.
He wants you to sit in his lap.
Jesus made it possible for you to sit with him in the heavenlies and take the blood of Jesus.
What represents the blood is what makes it that way.
Thank you, Jesus, for your blood, because if it wasn't for you, who eradicated sin and got rid of it all, I would be in so much trouble.
We would all have to sacrifice a bull, and the vegans would really hate it.
What would you do then if we still had to sacrifice a goat or a sheep for sin or whatever?
They'd be saying, 'Oh my God, what would you do?
What would you vegans do then?
' You're in trouble because you won't even eat it.
So now you've got a cat killer for your sin.
Thank Jesus even more for his blood, vegans.
I'm just saying.
I'm not trying to be funny.
It's serious, y'all.
You know, the tree huggers would hate it, but Jesus paid the price for you to walk in victory.
And we don't have to kill any goats or bulls and all those things.
Look what he did for us.
There is so much to be thankful for.
We take the blood, and we say we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Thank you, Lord, that we don't have to kill a goat or all this because you were the lamb slain from the foundation.
You did it all.
Jesus paid it all; all to him I owe.
Thank you, Father.
We praise the one who paid my debt and raises life up from the dead.
I believe, Father, for the blood.
I believe, Father, for what you did for us.
You've been so good to us in Jesus' mighty name.
Amen.
Thank you, Lord.
That's why I just try to be real with the Lord.
You know, I tick a lot of religious people off.
Good.
I want to be able to go into the synagogue and flip the tables and say we have to be real with him.
You've got to be real with Jesus.
Stop being so flaky.
Lord, I plead the blood over my eyes.
If you want to show me anything, fine.
If you don't, it's good, too.
But we're here.
And Lord, we pray over the things you showed us last time.
Father, I don't even really truly know how to pray over all of that because it was so much in the natural of my natural tongue.
But I pray in the spirit, and I lift up this war before you.
I lift it up before you, Father.
There are so many people losing their lives.
They said an average of 10,000 people a day.
Is that 70,000 a week?
That is an astronomical amount of men and women dying on both sides.
Lord, this has been going on for years.
Lord, I thank you.
No matter how many people and these big businessmen who are involved in this and these evil people who are trying to escalate war, I ask you, Father, to put a stop to the war.
Help us, Holy Spirit.
Work on the behalf that Zelensky would be removed, that this government would be put in, and that they would bring peace to Ukraine.
The Ukrainian people would have peace and stop having all the bloodshed; they're precious to you and precious in your sight.
The same with the Russians.
We pray over every Russian representative here who has lost people just like the Ukrainians.
And you know, they're not fighting a war for themselves; they're fighting because they've been told they have to.
And I thank you, Father, that there's peace even in Ukraine.
There's peace in Russia.
There's peace, Father.
And that this would stop.
The escalation of things would stop.
That Ukraine would back down and not want to join NATO.
Whatever it is that is causing this fire to burn so bright.
We know we're in the end times, and you said we'd have wars and rumors of wars, but God, we still pray for peace.
We still pray for peace.
Father, you said pray for peace.
We call for peace in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, over Israel, over Gaza, over Jerusalem, and over all these areas.
I pray for peace.
As you said, they were regrouping.
And we thank you, Lord, that you raise up men and women who are good leaders throughout Jerusalem and all over Israel.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for leaders with a backbone like a crowbar who would have a biblical saving knowledge of Jesus Christ all throughout the land.
We thank you, Father, for President Trump.
I know, Father, he may not get everything always right, but I believe he fears you.
I believe JD Vance has a saving knowledge of the Lord.
He wants to be a Christian.
He wants to do things that are right.
I ask you, Father, to stir in them in the middle of the night.
I thank you that they would come even closer to you, Father, and that passion for Jesus would grow to another level.
Yeah, they may cuss.
They may drop a lot of F-bombs or whatever on TV, but Father, I thank you that you search them and you know them, and you'll create in them a clean heart.
I ask you, Father, to give President Trump tonight great discernment during this season of his presidency.
Father, let him have great discernment in Jesus' name.
May he not allow people in his inner circle just because of money issues or business deals.
Let him not be swayed by business deals, but be swayed by character.
And that he would see the snakes in the middle of the courtyard in the Oval Office.
He would see them coming.
He'd say, 'There's a snake,' and he would call a snake a snake.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that nothing would get past him even in his cabinet or in his administration.
Father, let him have wisdom on who's a friend and who's a foe.
I thank you, Father, over JD Vance.
Father, let him not turn into the snake that I saw him turning into by 2028.
Father, let him not backstab.
May he stay the course and be what he needs to be.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you raise up kings and you bring down kings.
You harden the heart of Pharaoh and you soften hearts.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that your hand is on this nation.
Let us have a red wave in 2026.
We pray already in advance that 2026 is not a year of a fix.
Let them not fix the elections against it.
Father, let there be a major move of a red wave, and it will be even more of a great revival starting in the name of Jesus over 2026.
I call a revival over America, over Europe, over South America, over Asia, and over Africa.
Father, we call forth in the name of Jesus a move of God from sea to shining sea.
Father, over the holiday shopping, all the Christmas shopping, all of this Black Friday stuff on Friday of this week, we pray, Father, for every plot, every plan, every wicked, thought-out casualty event in our malls, in our holiday areas, wherever they are.
Father, I thank you, Lord, where everybody's gathering together—through sporting events, through parades.
We call forth our law enforcement for their eyes to be heightened, that they would see darkness before it even began in dreams and visions and night visions.
I thank you, Father, that you would show them that which is to come, that they would heighten their discernment and their senses are elevated, that they would be able to see before it even would happen.
Over there, over there, look over there, over there.
And the angels of the Lord would go before us and prepare the way that no demonic agenda would come and slay any American lives in Europe or in these areas.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, for a de-escalation that we would see in the name of Jesus.
Our sheriff's department, our local law department, our police officers, our sheriff, our FBI, our homeland security.
I thank you, Lord, for the angels of the Lord are camped around and about them.
Father, even our border patrol, our highway patrol, we pray a supernatural and heightened alert over TSA, over our airways whenever our planes are flying, that they would find any kind of bomb threat, any kind of shooting of mass casualty of any kind.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that there's an exposing of darkness in Jesus' name.
That all hidden things be revealed in Jesus' name.
And that our churches, our pastors, and our preachers are protected in Jesus' name.
And our congregations, during Christmas mass and Christmas candle-lighting services.
Father, over the Vatican, over these areas, we call all hidden things to be revealed.
Every plot, every plan, every satanic agenda to be brought to naught in Jesus' name.
We thank you Lord over the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
We pray a hedge around and about the crowds that no weapon formed against them will prosper, and even over the Las Vegas Strip, over the areas, Father, that people are not paying attention to, over any kind of drone attacks—we call all drone attacks exposed in Jesus' name.
Over the Christmas tree lighting at Rockefeller, over the Christmas tree lightings in Washington, D.
C.
on the 29th.
We call all hidden things to be revealed in Jesus' name.
No black swan events in Jesus' name.
There is an anointing on that; I felt it right then.
When I said that, it's a key for you.
Do you understand?
When I feel the anointing, it was a wave; it came up out of me.
There is something definitely about a black swan event concerning Washington, D.
C.
and tree-lighting ceremonies; a major disruption.
Do you feel it?
There's a shift because I pray in English.
I'm trying to teach you something.
I can pray in English and I wait for the Holy Ghost pulse.
You can pray in English and it seems flatline.
I prayed over your grandma, over this, and you're just praying in the flesh, but it's coming out of your spirit because you're asking, 'Father.
' But I wait for the cues; I'm waiting for something that has a pulse and life to it.
I can pray over everybody at Walmart and Popeye's Chicken or KFC, and it's just flatline.
I'm glad you're praying over everybody that was shopping at Akins, but when I get to certain things in the spirit, I'll feel the pulse on it.
That means there's direction there; there's something to it.
I can feel it.
It's warm.
The Holy Spirit comes on me warm and flows out of my stomach.
All of a sudden, it's like hitting a gusher, but it's praying in English.
I'm doing this for a reason.
It's like whenever you're using a metal detector and you have a hit.
Does that make sense what I'm trying to tell y'all?
Because you can pray over all the tires and all the people driving and there's nothing; it's just dead.
But I'm waiting for it.
I'm sending out signals.
It's sonar.
That's what I'm doing right now.
I see what's a hotspot in English.
What am I hitting in the spirit?
I'm touching every area and when it comes to it, then poof, I feel that fire come up on me and then I know that's something.
The only way you get there is by being sensitive to the Spirit of God by praying all the time without ceasing.
You'll know the wave.
I'm sending out the signal.
I have my metal detector and I'm looking, and all of a sudden I start calling all these major events out.
When you get sensitive to the Holy Ghost, you'll hit a gusher with it and you'll know there's something there.
Does that make sense?
Everything I pray for has been dead, like just praying.
That's the only way I can tell y'all so I can feel it.
When I got to Washington, D.
C.
, praying over President Trump, I feel it again.
When it comes to Washington, D.
C.
, when it comes to praying over President Trump, I'm in the spirit and instantaneously I go over there.
I can see the big malls again.
I see a plot against our malls, the major shopping malls.
There's a mall I am at right now and there's an escalator in the middle.
They say, 'This is a fish in a barrel.
' Shooting at fish in a barrel.
They're laughing.
This is what they're saying.
I hear the chatter.
It's in those underground networks again.
They're talking through the underground chatter.
I see a Santa Claus hat.
This is concerning a Santa Claus hat, an elf hat.
In the middle of the malls where it takes a lot for people to run away.
In the middle of the mall, some food courts are highlighted before me.
I call this down.
It's in the middle of the malls where you have to walk in a long way and it takes more steps to get out.
Shooting fish in a barrel is what I hear.
This is a key word.
You need to remember this.
This is concerning Europe and France.
I see France.
I see a hot chocolate stand and a place to get refreshments.
I see a Christmas tree right here.
I see French pastries.
I see a train station with people.
This is concerning Paris, France.
The Eiffel Tower is right here and it's further over here.
Something's over here; I can see it really close.
There are croissants there and coffee.
There's a stand there.
I see a tree, a Christmas tree, and decorations.
I see those long sticks of bread.
It's a cafe with tables.
It's marked.
It's a place where a lot of people are.
There's a lot of hustle and bustle.
It's a cold day and I see people with scarves during the holiday.
Do you hear me?
He said, 'Pray over the city.
' So we thank you, Lord, that you expose this darkness concerning France.
There are great open doors.
Now I'm seeing the Olympics again.
I see the circles.
Holy Ghost.
It's about the 'Good Morning.
' I hear this.
'It's a good morning.
' It's a show.
It's 'The Good Morning.
' It's in the morning, early in the morning.
It's concerning the Olympics.
You can't block it.
I'm going to see through it anyway.
I'll just see around it.
You can't block me from seeing through that.
We're going to expose you and we're going to expose it.
The blood of Jesus is against you.
I say you're bound and you get out of here in Jesus' name.
I see right through it.
President Trump wants to visit the Olympic Games.
Concerning President Trump going to the Olympic Games, it's highlighted: going to Italy for the Olympic Games to support the American people.
We pray over him going to the Olympic Games.
You understand what I'm seeing?
But I can't say, 'Be still.
' How do we get through that?
What are you planning?
That makes me angry.
All hidden things be revealed.
You cannot put a smoke screen.
I call that smoke screen to go down.
I call you to dissipate in the name of Jesus.
I will see beyond that.
I will see beyond the veil.
The Lord said, "Brandon, all you have to do is come up higher.
" I'm trying to look at it straight on.
He said, "Come up higher.
" You know what an octopus does?
That's what they're doing.
This is an octopus demon-looking thing, and he puts out an ink that looks like a screen.
And the Lord said, "You must come up higher, and I'll show you over it.
You must come up higher.
Soar with me like the eagles do.
" And I see it.
There's this marine demonic spirit.
The Lord said, "I've got this.
Daily you come.
" Do you hear me?
He said, "Daily you come.
" Concerning the plot, cut it off.
He said, "Cut it off.
Be the source and cut it off.
Pray.
You must pray each and every single day, for there's a plan concerning his life.
There's a hidden plan, and there's an ink there.
And they tried to make a screen for the eyes of the watchman to not be able to see through there.
It's a marine demonic spirit, and it's trying to block it where I can't see through there.
That's why I was focusing.
This is a well-thought-out plan, and they don't want the eyes of the prophetic to see through this, but it will come down.
He said, "You've just got to come up higher.
" So ladies and gentlemen, all 5,200 of you, you must come up higher.
Pray over this.
This is very serious.
We're going to come up higher.
We'll soar.
And when we go up higher, we'll find out what's going down here.
We're going to go higher.
And he said, "Every day, go higher.
" But he said that's later on.
That's February.
We have time.
This is concerning right now.
I started zooming in.
It's like one of those camera lenses; I can go way deep, but you need to bring it back and focus on where you are in the trees right now concerning Washington, D.
C.
So he said, "You zoomed in too far, but I'm warning you what's coming.
" I'm warning you right here.
This is going into 2026.
We have all of January and the first of February, praying over his decision to participate and support our athletes.
And this is even concerning JD Vance.
Praying over them, praying over our leadership.
Of course, it would have to be at separate times.
They would not go at the same time, would they?
That's not smart.
Like one go one day and the other go the other day so that they're not together.
You don't put people like that in the same room at a sporting event.
Surely they wouldn't do that.
That's national security.
That would be very dumb.
We just pray over them that they'd have wisdom in every decision they make.
There's protection over our president.
I know there's some big old angels around him, and we just believe there's a covering around him—every plot, every plan, all in 2026.
There's protection over this man's life.
He has bulletproof angels.
I'm telling you, the glory of the Lord is resting on him, over his wife, over Don Jr.
, over Eric, over Tiffany, Ivanka, and Barron, and Kai especially.
We pray over that young granddaughter.
We pray over her father.
We pray over Kai in the tree-lighting ceremony.
We pray a covering over her as she's in Washington, D.
C.
We pray over her in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Father.
We just thank you, Lord, for the Trumps.
We thank you, Lord, that there are finances to bless.
We watch the finances.
We watch what's going on in 2026.
I apply the blood over me.
Now, Father, help me.
I want to see into 2026 again.
Show me, Father, more to come in 2026 if you allow me to.
I want to see beyond July.
Father, you show us and we'll pray for it.
Give us a glimpse.
Give us these glimpses to see 2026.
I see the 41st floor again.
I see the East River again.
Concerning the 250th anniversary.
April is highlighted before me.
Look when Easter is this year.
There's something very strong about this time frame.
I see the 13th highlighted before me.
I don't know why I'm seeing it, but I see it highlighted.
It's on a Monday.
So you're saying this is April 13, 2026?
It's highlighted: the 13th.
Why do I feel so much heat?
We thank you, Lord.
2026.
Concerning pushing through the laws concerning the foundation of the crypto—a place we've never been before.
For I have great things in store.
I want to get beyond that, Father.
I want to see through it.
My tongue doesn't seem enough in the natural.
Is it safe to say?
He said, "It's not safe to say what's to come up high.
" I want to look into that.
I'm at something and I'm not talking about it, but he said, "It's not safe to say; you must come up high.
" I see three.
I went from the April 13th time frame and I'm now in July.
July is highlighted, and there is much to pray about concerning July.
July: a major storm.
I'm at the door of it.
There's a table and there's a battle plan laid out on the table.
I see a map and I can see buildings, but they're pictures.
They actually are landmarks.
I see the Washington Monument.
I see where Abraham Lincoln sits.
I see the White House.
I see the Capitol.
It's a map.
And I see there's one, two, three.
There's a man with great representation here, and he has a stick and he's talking about each one of these places.
It's a map.
It's a plan, and he's talking about his buildings.
And there's another point: I see Chicago, I see New York, and I see San Francisco.
Is he talking about Chicago?
One day we won't have this flesh to deal with anymore; one day we'll have our glorified bodies.
I tried to take a break for a minute.
You all really need to pray over 2026—July of 2026.
Easter is very important that you pray over.
April.
When was Oklahoma City?
What was it about the 13th?
I'm seeing concerning Oklahoma City, baby.
The 14th, 15th—it's the week, it's this time frame.
It's April 19th and 20th of 1995.
Like I said, don't add to or take away from anything I show you.
Just keep on track.
I don't understand it; it doesn't matter.
It's to be prayed out.
It's concerning Easter in April, and the 13th was highlighted to me.
My ears are getting hot again; I'm going to go back into it.
I just needed a break.
It makes me tired.
It's very heavy, y'all.
When you're looking over like that, I get tired.
I was looking in July very hard, and I see a plan—a very strong plan concerning our nation.
We have so much to pray about all the time.
Even when you look into the Olympics and then I shot to there, and I go into April and then I may look in July, and I'm able to see right at the first of it, but then it's blocked.
So I'll just tell you, whatever this is concerning July, it's about these events to bring chaos because of the elections in November.
It's all about destabilization.
This is darkness concerning our nation.
They are scared spitless of our president for the next three years—2026, 2027, and 2028.
He just said right there, 'Don't look so much at what you can see; it's not what you're expecting.
' He said, just because it's the 250th anniversary, it'll be a day when you're not expecting.
Remember what he said?
Black swan events, like Pearl Harbor.
Pearl Harbor was not when you were expecting.
He showed me right now, and he said, 'Don't focus on what you think.
It's the surprises.
' Like October 7th, it's surprises.
Do you see what I'm trying to tell you?
So many people go by what the obvious is.
Don't go by what is obvious.
The Lord is saying today, 'Don't go by what is obvious.
' Oh, well, it's going to be July 4th of 2026.
This is for sure like 1776, and this is the time frame we know, but it's not the obvious.
It's Pearl Harbor.
He keeps telling us this is a Red Dawn experience.
Don't look at the obvious.
You have to think higher.
When I was trying to look through the ink, he said, 'You can't see because they're trying to blow.
They know what you're doing.
It's demonic.
Come up higher.
You must soar with me in these days ahead.
' It takes fasting and prayer.
You must come up higher.
And he's correcting me.
He's like, 'You know, Brandon, I know you.
You must come up high.
' So, son, go higher.
But the enemy is defeated and we're going to see it.
We're going to protect President Trump.
If he decides to go over there and have a good time, well, he's not going to have to worry about it.
We've got his six.
We've got his backside.
We've got everything.
We're protecting him in prayer.
He needs some R&R, and that's the church.
We've got this.
We're going to pray for him.
I'm not worried about it; protect him in prayer.
Let him enjoy his life.
He's getting older.
All of us are.
But just enjoy what God's given you.
Don't worry about things, always being scared.
Enjoy life, but have wisdom.
And we pray that all hidden things be revealed through the Secret Service.
I don't live in a bondage of fear.
We can't just stop going to shop at Black Friday because of what the prophetic words are saying.
No, use wisdom and be cautious.
Watch your surroundings.
Don't be a bubblehead.
Be smart and be wise.
If you have discernment and you listen to the Holy Spirit, run.
But don't be in fear.
Use wisdom and listen to the Holy Spirit.
Follow his leadings.
We live in a dark time, and we just pray in the Holy Spirit and he'll show us.
Does that make sense?
I want so much to come up higher with him.
As we're praying tonight, there are 5,900 of us.
Many hands make light work.
I think it's been going on for probably two hours and 40 minutes.
I'm seeing a lot of darkness and I just want to take a break for a second.
You started an hour and some minutes ago.
We're going to finish strong here.
He said, 'I have one more.
' There are some more things left to go.
We thank you, Lord, that they have peace in Ukraine.
We call peace in Ukraine.
Thank you, Lord.
Every one of those cities—all ten cities, all the major cities and towns.
Father, I thank you for exposing them.
I thank you for exposing them over our beautiful Christmas season.
We just give you praise and glory for it in Jesus' name.
Tomorrow is Tuesday.
We'll keep covering this this week in the blood.
We keep covering this time frame in our airports and our airways.
I feel like we pushed really hard tonight.
I've seen a lot.
I could feel a great push coming on about the 29th.
Hallelujah.
I'm excited about the new year.
2026, here we come.
Praise the Lord.
I'm done.
And they say spiritual warfare is not hard work?
They aren't doing it right.
You're pushing in the spirit.
They said, 'Well, it isn't supposed to be hard.
' Well, you're packing a 100-pound bag up your back and you're climbing Mount Everest.
You've got spiritual weights on you.
I see what the enemy is trying to do.
And we pray over the Olympics.
I pray over Paris.
I pray over all this stuff.
This is not just a one-and-done; it's something you just keep cultivating.
You keep going to the spiritual gym over this and you pray over our nation concerning 2026.
We will have a Red Wave.
Oklahoma will have a major move of God concerning another Republican governor and we won't have some far-left over our area.
No sir, we will not in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
Now, we just thank you that it's done.
As we give you praise, Father, and we look to you, our maker, our creator.
We thank you, Lord, for protecting our president.
We thank you, Lord, for protecting our nation.
And oh God, we praise you, God, that all the things we prayed tonight, Father, you heard our cry—all 5,900 of us.
Thank you, Father.
You heard our cry.
Father, our cry is for peace.
Our cry is for a revival.
Our cry is, Father, for a major move of God over these nations.
Father, every nation that's represented here from South Korea, Father, I thank you, Lord, for their government.
Their government will not be communist.
It will not be infiltrated by China or North Korea.
They will stand strong in these days ahead, Father, and they pray, Father, as a praying people.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people of South Korea and Taiwan are covered in the blood of Jesus.
They're covered in the name of Jesus.
And every plot, every plan of the wicked to try to cause division in their government is foiled in the name of Jesus.
May the people of South Korea rise up and pray down the angelic host with fire and with the angelic host watching over them in the name of Jesus over this great land.
Thank you, Father, for South Korea.
Thank you, Lord.
You're not done with them.
They're just on my heart right now.
We pray over our South Korean people.
Thank you, Father, for Japan and for all the nations that are represented here today.
We call for fire of the Holy Ghost in their churches.
Fire and the Holy Ghost in their churches, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
Father, they'll have a major revival all through China.
The underground churches will remain strong and not falter and get weak and weary in well-doing.
But you give them, Father, a wind in their sails with creative miracles and creative ideas, Father, to spread the gospel so that they'll not be weary in well-doing.
Give them hope, Father.
Visit them in the midnight hour with a supernatural visitation with you, Lord—angelic aid and assistance with angelic aid over our Asian brothers and sisters going throughout Vietnam and over the Philippines.
We call forth a major revival over these areas, God.
We stir in them, Father, in the name of Jesus.
For Father, you said persecution comes for the word's sake, but Father, I thank you for creative ideas to spread the gospel all throughout Asia in the name of Jesus where the iron curtain has been so strong.
We call the iron curtain down in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth.
We say you will not hold back the word anymore, that the word of God will go forth and it will bring forth much fruit, much victory over North Korea, over South Korea, over Japan, over Taiwan, over these areas.
We call forth a major move of God in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for angelic aid and assistance and we give you all the glory, honor, and praise and we call it done.
And we stand with them over Australia, over the Netherlands, over India, over it in the name of Jesus.
The glory, the glory of the Lord all around them in Jesus' name.
We thank you, Lord, that they do not get weary in well-doing and they remain strong all throughout 2026, all through this time frame.
Oh, Father, we praise you, Father, for all of the Asians that are represented here today.
We give you glory, honor, and praise for it in the mighty name of Jesus.
Thank you for healings, demonstrations, and manifestations of the glory in the name of Jesus over our Asian brothers and sisters.
Thank you, Father.
We give you praise, Father, that it is finished—the finished work of Jesus Christ.
We call them saved; we call them delivered over Africa, over these areas.
We thank you, Father.
Father, I thank you that your yoke is easy.
Take the yoke upon you and learn of me.
For I am meek and lowly and my burden is light.
My yoke is easy and my burden is light.
My yoke is easy and my burden's light.
Thank you, Father, that the yoke is easy and his burden is light.
Father, they're just going to keep strong.
Glory to God.
I feel good now.
We feel released.
I feel released.
We pray over our friends.
There's a sweet presence that just rolled in.
I feel it; it feels wonderful.
I just go, 'Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
' We've worked and we've done so much work.
We did so good.
Thank you for helping me.
It's so wonderful when everybody joins together and prays with me.
I appreciate you all being here, every single one of you.
Could you please do me a favor?
Please like, subscribe, and comment down below.
Help me; I'm trying to get to the million mark.
I believe by 2026 we will have the million men and women prayer army, all to the glory of God.
I don't know, that's just a push and that's a goal of what we've been believing for.
It's what He said too.
So, I just keep going.
We're almost to 600K and we'll keep marching on.
We're going to keep marching on and once we get there, I don't know what we'll believe for next, but it's what He said to do.
So, I keep being obedient to what He asked me to do.
And once we get there, we just keep going.
We have 584,451 as of this moment.
Ain't that wonderful?
All glory to Jesus.
Now, if all 584,000 showed up at one time to pray, wouldn't that be cool?
Yes.
We have 5,500 right now.
But if all 584,000 all showed up at one time to pray, wow.
Wouldn't that be a prayer service?
That's a massive prayer service.
That'd be like—that's a city, man, all praying at one time.
Everybody comes in and comes out all through the time.
But I mean, wouldn't that be cool if all of them showed up at one time and prayed for like an hour?
Yes.
What could we do with that?
I don't know, you'd have to crash YouTube or something, you know?
You ain't joking.
The devil's like, 'Ah!
' He's freaking out.
'Oh no, take cover.
' Yeah, that's like a massive army.
Imagine that.
That's battalions.
It's like going in after the devil and he's freaking out.
He's hiding in a hole at that point.
Everybody praying at the same time.
That's cool, man.
I know it's going to happen.
It can happen.
Why not?
Believe big.
And then we get to a million.
All million pray at one time.
We start praying.
It's like an icebreaker.
Even when there's 5,500 all praying at the same time, it's substantial.
I don't know very many people that have that many praying at a time for two hours or an hour and a half.
I just want to wreak havoc in his kingdom.
You know, the devil's just running with terror.
This is James 4:7: 'Submit yourselves therefore unto God.
Resist the devil and he will flee.
' In that Bible, as in terror.
You know, we're submitting.
He's fleeing.
He's like—I want to freak him out.
He's such a jerk.
Whatever, man.
You're defeated by the blood.
All glory to Jesus.
So, if you did that for me, thank you.
I appreciate your help.
We'll keep praying.
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, I believe tonight's your night.
There's so many of you that come on and you're just spectating and you're just curious about what's being said.
I know there's a lot of occult people.
They come and they tell us they're devil worshippers or they're into new age or they're into crystals or they're into all kinds of things.
But I just always want to make sure that you know that there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
And if you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you need to know Him.
Not only do you need to know Him, but He needs to know you.
And if you're not born again, today might be your last day on this earth.
I'm just going to tell you, it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that, judgment.
And if you don't know Jesus Christ and you die tonight, you're going to hell.
You need to know Jesus Christ.
There's only one way to the Father, and that's the Lord Jesus Christ.
So I want you tonight, if you're here and you've never made Jesus Christ your Lord and personal Savior, I want to give you the opportunity before we close to accept Him.
So I want you to say a simple prayer with me.
I won't make it long.
I know it's getting late, but you know what?
This is the most important decision you'll ever make.
Regardless of how late it is, it's never too late to accept Jesus, and I want to do this tonight.
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer, and I want you to be public about your decision.
I want you to say in the comment section down below, 'I want to be saved.
' So, I'm going to say the simple prayer and you repeat it after me, and after that, I believe you're a born-again Christian.
The Bible says with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
So you say, 'Jesus, I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe that You died for me and You rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I want to be a Christian.
I want to serve You.
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
I turn my back on my sin.
And from this day forward, I'll serve You with all my heart.
I'm selling out to You, Lord, and I ask You to be my Lord and personal Savior.
Forgive me of my sins, Lord.
I'm a sinner and I need You to forgive me.
' And the Bible says if you confess your sins, He is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll serve You with all my heart.
Father, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And I thank You, Father, that You've forgiven me and I'm saved in Jesus' name.
Now, Lord, write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
And I thank You, Lord, for doing it.
Amen and amen.
I believe if you just said that simple prayer, you became born again.
Old things are passed away.
Behold, He said He makes all things new.
The moment you confess it is the moment you got rid of it.
That's not when God found out about it; that's the moment you got rid of it.
So, welcome to the family, and I'm excited that you accepted Jesus Christ.
Whoever did it, I believe even if there's just one of you, it was worth it.
So, we give God all the glory, honor, and praise.
So, what do you do now?
You go to a Bible-believing church.
I would say a non-denominational church.
Get plugged in there.
Tell that pastor, 'I want to be water-baptized.
' Tell them, 'I need to be water-baptized.
' And get plugged in.
Go to church on Sundays, Wednesdays, whenever you have an opportunity to go to church.
Get plugged in.
Go there.
Read your Bible every day and pray.
If you can't afford a Bible, if you don't have a Bible, we want to celebrate your decision tonight to come to Christ and give you your first Bible for free.
There's a description down there with an email address.
Write the email and tell my wife, 'I want my free Bible.
I just got born again.
I want to have the free Bible.
' There's ten of you that gave your heart to Christ.
I'm so glad I went ahead and did that.
Thank God for all ten of you.
Welcome to the family.
And you can get that free Bible.
We'll send it to you via Amazon, and we just want to give all the glory to Jesus and tell you welcome to the family.
So that's exciting.
Ten people—Braden, I wasn't going to do it, and so ten people gave their heart to Jesus Christ tonight.
That's awesome.
Eleven!
So we give all the glory to Jesus.
Well, thank you for joining us again tonight.
And we want to tell you you are always welcome, and we're excited you're here.
And so we close out the video tonight.
Is there anything—do they have any questions or anything before I go?
Not really.
Yeah, not really.
Okay.
They're just going to ask if they want a recap of the video, but you can do that next time.
I'll do it next time.
Yeah, I'll go over it and make sure I really try to make it clear to y'all and make the shorts.
People like those shorts, you know.
Yeah, you've been doing really good on those.
I try to keep them under thirty minutes so you can watch the highlights and everything.
He cuts the tongues out so you can just go and it takes him a little bit, but it's kind of cool to have for your references or whatever.
Wow, that was really rough tonight.
Not for me, but just because these people are relentless with trying to destroy our nation.
How they're just demonically energized.
And when I keep seeing this stuff, I'm like, 'Do y'all just not give up?
' You don't give up.
Y'all are just crazy.
They're just full of that devil, always trying to hurt people.
It's like, 'What's wrong with y'all?
' They think they're doing it for Allah or whatever.
I don't know what their problem is.
I almost say, 'What's their problem?
' All the things I saw about Europe tonight—it's like, what in the world?
These people are demonically energized.
It's always trying to strategize to kill, steal, and destroy.
It's like, 'Do you not just enjoy life?
Why are you always trying to hurt people?
' I just don't get it.
It's like the average person—they just want to enjoy life and go to the football game, or go out and have a snow cone, go to a movie or something, have fun.
But your main mission is to try to hurt people who are just trying to enjoy their family and their life.
And I just go—that just doesn't make sense to me.
It's like, 'What's wrong with you?
' You know, after a while, just like, 'Don't you get tired of being evil?
Don't you get tired of being that way?
' How do you wake up every single day and have so much hatred for people in your heart to always want to?
That's why it's tiring for me.
I just go because I just don't get it.
It's like, 'Why?
What's wrong with you?
' You're just demon-possessed.
And they think their holy war and Allah and all the craziness, and it's like, 'What's wrong with you?
' Sharia law.
They're nuts.
It's like, 'Leave us alone.
Go!
' If you hate life so much, go have a little community and have a hate club in your little area and go away.
We'll just designate a certain area in the desert for you in Death Valley, and we'll just put walls up there and we'll put you in there and you can blow each other up inside that stupid Death Valley.
I mean, where it gets 120 degrees, 130 degrees, and we'll give you your little hell there because you're fixing to go to hell anyway.
So, we'll just go ahead and put your little walls up, put you all in there that want to have your Sharia law and your craziness, and we'll just go, 'Okay, but we're going to have peace and happiness over here.
' You enjoy your hell over there, because that's where you're going anyway.
It's already hot, so experience hell now.
You know, y'all are crazy.
It's just my little rant, but it's just frustrating to me.
There's Mojave Desert, too.
We'll put you over there for that part of the world.
We'll put little walls up thirty feet high so you can't get out, and we'll build that wall and we'll put you in it, and we'll let you—you all can—we'll give you all your bomb-making materials and you can just go over there and have fun with them, you know, your toys, because you're nuts.
God help you.
It's like, 'What's wrong with y'all?
' It's like all us Christians, we're over here praying, 'God, give us peace,' and they're like, 'We're going to create this, we're going to blow you up.
' It's like, 'What's wrong with you?
' God help you.
It is what it is.
God help you.
All right.
We love you.
Remember, we love you.
Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
And we will see you again soon.
Tomorrow, 90% chance.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.